[lazylibrarian] Move to Common (#543)
k8s-at-home/charts: charts/lazylibrarian/README.md

# LazyLibrarian

> This is a helm chart for [LazyLibrarian](https://gitlab.com/LazyLibrarian/LazyLibrarian.git) based on the [container image provided by LinuxServer.io](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/lazylibrarian/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a helm chart for [LazyLibrarian](https://gitlab.com/LazyLibrarian/LazyLibrarian.git).

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**
```
